MINOR: CSS missing ALT attributes (#19301)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/mask-border/index.md

In this example, we will mask an element's border with a diamond pattern. The source for the mask is a ".png" file of 90 by 90 pixels, with three diamonds going vertically and horizontally:

> ![The image used for mask: a transparent square with three rows of three diamonds in very light, almost white, shade of grey. The middle part between the diamonds is also solid grey. The parts between the outside of the diamonds and the edge of the image are transparent.](mask-border-diamonds.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![The image used for the mask examples on this page. The mask is a transparent square with three rows of three diamonds each. The diamonds are a very light, almost white, shade of grey. The middle part between the diamonds is also solid grey. The parts between the outside of the diamonds and the edge of the image are transparent.](mask-border-diamonds.png)
```
